Add overview of GUI and notes on command history (#358)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

   * `clear` : Deletes all contacts.

   * `exit` : Exits the app.
<br><br>
6. Refer to the [Features](#features) below for details of each command.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Overview of GUI
Once ContactCS is running, you’ll see the main interface divided into several key panels, as illustrated below. Here’s an overview of each panel:

> * Command Box: This is where you type and execute commands to interact with MediBase3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Command Box: You can type and execute commands here .
```

* Result Display Box: Shows the outcome of the commands you enter, including success messages, errors, and other feedback.

> * Contact List: Displays the list of contacts, allowing easy access to patient information and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact List: Displays the list of contacts, allowing easy access to contact information.
```

* Command History Window: Contains a history of commands that modify the contact list, enabling you to quickly refer to recent modifications.

* Menu (File/Help): Provides options such as exiting the application and accessing help documentation.

> * Data Storage Location Footer: Shows the directory where patient and appointment data are saved, providing quick access to storage information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data Storage Location Footer: Shows the directory where the contact data are saved, providing quick access to storage information.
```
